* title = Using Chrome as a Terminal
* datetime = 10/23/2012 11:14pm
* tags = shells chrome

I love terminals, and I love Chrome, so it's no wonder that I love Google's official [Secure Shell](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/secure-shell/pnhechapfaindjhompbnflcldabbghjo) app. It's just a Chrome/ium extension that lets you open a terminal and connect to a machine via `ssh`. It's certainly not a replacement for my standard `gnome-terminal`, but it's pretty close. I've already started using it on my Cr-48 to connect to my desktop and it's been working perfectly. It's also a much nicer way to `ssh` from a Windows machine than PuTTY.

I would absolutely love to have a terminal that supported Chromium style tabbing. I love Chromium's tabs because of their minimalism and sleek style, but that's unfortunately an area where using this as a real terminal falls short. If you launch the app in a standard tab and drag it out as a new window, you're stuck looking at the unnecessary address and bookmark bars. Or, if you launch it in windowed mode, you get the address and bookmark bars hidden, but you also lose the tabs. Bummer. Furthermore, it doesn't support a fully transparent background (one that shows the desktop/programs behind it) which is a feature that I find absolutely necessary in a terminal. Even worse than those two options, however, is the fact that it doesn't support a local shell option outside of `ssh`-ing into `localhost`, which kinda sucks.

If you're interested in trying it, I actually recommend signing up to the [Google Group](https://groups.google.com/a/chromium.org/forum/?fromgroups#!forum/chromium-hterm) and installing the [dev version](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/secure-shell-dev/okddffdblfhhnmhodogpojmfkjmhinfp/details) instead, as it has support for changing the default color palette. I just learned about this version today, which was an incredible find because I've been struggling with the default colors. There's just something about not using my own color scheme that irks me just enough to completely disrupt my focus.
